Sony DualSense Wireless Controller, Accessory, Discover a deeper, highly immersive gaming experience that brings the action to life in the palms of your hands. The PlayStation 5 DualSense™ wireless controller offers immersive haptic feedback, dynamic adaptive triggers and a built-in microphone, all integrated into an iconic comfortable design. Take gaming to the next level with this wireless PS5 controller., $59.99, Ps5controller.jpg

PlayStation 5 PULSE 3D Wireless Gaming Headset, Accessory, The PS5 PULSE 3D™ wireless headset features fine-tuned 3D audio, a sleek new look, noise-cancelling microphones, and easy access controls. Play games and stream videos with a wireless headset specifically built to deliver quality audio from the PlayStation 5 console., $79.99, Ps5Headset.jpg

Microsoft Xbox Series X Carbon Black Wireless Controller, Accessory, Experience the modernized design of the Xbox Wireless Controller in Carbon Black, featuring sculpted surfaces and refined geometry for enhanced comfort during gameplay with battery usage up to 40 hours. Stay on target with a hybrid D-pad and textured grip on the triggers, bumpers, and back-case. Seamlessly capture and share content such as screenshots, recordings, and more with the Share button. Connect using the USB-C port for direct plug and play to console and PC., $44.99, XboxSeriesXH.jpg


Arctis 9X Wireless Gaming Headset for Xbox One, Accessory, From the makers of the most award-winning headset line in gaming history, the Arctis 9X combines the convenience of integrated Xbox Wireless with simultaneous Bluetooth audio for true wireless everywhere. With the noise-cancelling ClearCast bidirectional microphone and stunningly detailed Arctis sound, the Arctis 9X is the premier wireless headset for Xbox gamers, $199.99, XboxoneH.jpg

Microsoft Xbox Elite Black Series 2 Wireless Controller, Accessory, Play like a pro with the world's most advanced controller. Designed to meet the needs of today’s competitive gamers, the all-new Xbox Elite Wireless Controller Series 2 features over 30 new ways to play like a pro. Enhance your aiming with new adjustable-tension thumbsticks, fire even faster with shorter hair trigger locks, and stay on target with a wrap-around rubberized grip., $159.99, Xboxseries2C.jpg

Stealth 600 Gen 2 Black Wireless Gaming Headset for Xbox One, Accessory, The Turtle Beach® Stealth™ 600 Gen 2 is the sequel to the best-selling Stealth 600 wireless gaming headset, designed to excel on Xbox One and Xbox Series X featuring Xbox Wireless direct-to-console technology and Windows Sonic surround sound. New for the Stealth™ 600 Gen 2 is a larger flip-to-mute mic refines chat clarity and seamlessly integrates into the headset when muted. Uniquely re-shaped, breathable ear cushions and exclusive ProSpecs™ glasses friendly design provide comfort over the longest gaming sessions. Turtle Beach’s renowned Superhuman Hearing® gives players the ultimate advantage, driven through precision-tuned 50mm speakers that provide an immersive, undistorted audio experience., $99.99, XboxGen2H.jpg

CloudX Wired Gaming Headset for Xbox One and Xbox Series X, Accessory, HyperX CloudX™ Gaming Headset has been tested and approved by Microsoft and delivers signature HyperX comfort, durability, and amazing sound for serious Xbox gamers. CloudX has convenient in-line audio controls that sidestep system menus and put the control right at your fingertips. The sturdy aluminum frame is designed for long-lasting reliability and to withstand the harsh rigors of daily gaming life. The 100% memory foam ear cushions and leatherette-padded headband provide award-winning comfort for those long weekends and late nights of gaming. 53mm drivers and enhanced bass reproduction pump out crystal clear high, mids, and lows, and the closed cup design mutes the outside world to completely immerse you in your game. The noise-canceling microphone can be positioned just the way you like it, and it also eliminates background noise so you’ll come across loud and clear. CloudX is also compatible with mobile devices. When you’re ready to listen to music, simply unplug the microphone and stow it for later., $69.99, CloudXH.jpg


Sony DUALSHOCK 4 Black Wireless Controller, Accessory, Enhance your gaming experience with the Sony DualShock 4 Wireless Controller for PlayStation 4. Play your favorite video games with a PS4 controller that combines revolutionary features and comfort with intuitive, precision controls. Its definitive analog sticks and trigger buttons deliver greater response and sensitivity along with a multi touch pad for more instinctive and natural gameplay. In addition, the PlayStation Camera and Share button features makes social media capabilities and playing with friends easy and painless. Join a new era of gaming with the Sony PlayStation 4 DualShock 4 Wireless Controller. $54.99, DualShockC.jpg


Nintendo Switch Joy-Con (L)/(R) Neon Red/Neon Blue, Accessory, Introducing Joy-Con, controllers that make new kinds of gaming possible, for use with Nintendo Switch.The versatile Joy-Con offer multiple surprising new ways for players to have fun. Two Joy-Con can be used independently in each hand, or together as one game controller when attached to the Joy-Con grip. They can also attach to the main console for use in handheld mode, or be shared with friends to enjoy two-player action in supported games. Each Joy-Con has a full set of buttons and can act as a standalone controller, and each includes an accelerometer and gyro-sensor, making independent left and right motion control possible., $79.99, NintendoC.jpg

LVL40 Neon Blue and Neon Red Wired Stereo Gaming Headset for Nintendo Switch, Accessory, NULL, $29.99, NintendoH.jpg


